development/README.md, before:

# Installing development environment (Ubuntu)

The following installation instructions are for Ubuntu. If you are running Windows on your machine, you can install Ubuntu in a virtual machine and then follow the instructions below.

## Install tools

First we install various development tools:
```
sudo apt install git curl python3.8-venv make g++
```

We use node version manager (nvm) to install nodejs v14. If you have already nodejs v14 installed, you can skip rest of this section.

Up-to-date installation instructions for nvm can be found at https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating but here is the installation command for current version of nvm:
```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.1/install.sh | bash
```

After running the above script, open a new terminal to have nvm in the path, and install latest v14 of nodejs:
```
nvm install 14
```

## Meteor

Botfront is a meteor app, so we need to install meteor too:
```
curl https://install.meteor.com/ | sh
```

See https://www.meteor.com/developers/install for more information if necessary.

## Cloning AuroraAI git repos

Create ssh key if you do not have one already:
```
ssh-keygen
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
```
In github, go to your profile menu (upper right) -> Settings -> SSH and GPG keys. Press "New SSH key" and copy paste contents of file ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub to the "Key" text box. Enter also a title for the key.

Choose a directory where you clone git repos (for example `~/aurora`) and clone the repos in that directory:
```
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/botfront-private.git
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/rasa.git
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/platform.git
```

## Docker

Next we install docker and add your user to the `docker` group so that you have permissions to run docker:
```
sudo apt install docker.io docker-compose
sudo usermod -a -G docker $USER
```
Reboot Ubuntu to get group modifications to take effect.

## Visual Studio Code

If you want to use Visual Studio Code for development, you can install it using snap:
```
snap install --classic code
```

## Running mongo

Example setup has been created in `platform/development`. First we start mongo in a container:
```
cd platform/development
docker-compose up -d mongo
```

## Running botfront

Let's install first modules needed by Botfront:
```
cd botfront-private/botfront
meteor npm install
```

Next we start botfront from source code. On the first run, botfront will create an admin user using environment variables ADMIN_USER and ADMIN_PASSWORD.
You can set your own password in the command below:
```
export ADMIN_USER=test@test.local
export ADMIN_PASSWORD=Password3
npm run start:docker-compose.ci
```

## Creating project in Botfront

Open Botfront in web browser: `http://localhost:3000/` and login with the admin user created in the previous step. Create a new project and copy the project ID from the project list to clipboard (will be used in the next step).

Go inside project and open Settings -> Instance. Set Host to `http://localhost:5005`

Open Endpoints settings and copy paste the following:
```
nlg:
  type: rasa_addons.core.nlg.GraphQLNaturalLanguageGenerator
  url: 'http://localhost:3000/graphql'
action_endpoint:
  url: 'http://localhost:5055/webhook'
tracker_store:
  store_type: rasa_addons.core.tracker_stores.anonymized_tracker_store.botfront_anonymized_tracker_store.BotfrontAnonymizedTrackerStore
  url: 'http://localhost:3000/graphql'
```

Open Credentials settings and copy paste the following:
```
rasa_addons.core.channels.webchat.WebchatInput:
  session_persistence: true
  base_url: 'http://localhost:5005'
  socket_path: /socket.io/
rasa_addons.core.channels.bot_regression_test.BotRegressionTestInput: {}
```

## Running rasa

Currently, our main branch for rasa is `aurora-main`:
```
cd rasa
git checkout aurora-main
```

Let's create a python virtual environment and install rasa modules and dependencies in it:
```
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install poetry
make install-full
```

Next, let's start rasa with the Botfront project ID that we copied to clipboard:
```
export BF_PROJECT_ID=project_id_from_clipboard
export BF_URL=http://localhost:3000/graphql

cd dev-bot
rasa run --enable-api
```

If you need rasa actions server, you can start it too as shown
below. The `dev-bot` directory contains code for a dummy action
`test_action`.
```
rasa run actions
```

Now you should be able to train the bot in Botfront.

# Running rasa and botfront from ECR containers

Let's install first AWS CLI tools:
```
sudo apt install awscli
```

In order to access AWS resources from command line, you need to create
an access key in your AWS account. Select "Security credentials" from
the upper right account menu and create an access key if you don't
have one already.

Then run locally `aws configure` and enter the access key information
there. Test that you can see the repositories:
```
aws ecr describe-repositories
```

Next we give docker access to our images in ECR, and pull the images:
```
./ecr-login.sh
docker-compose pull
```

After that you should be able to start the mongo and botfront:
```
docker-compose up -d mongo botfront
```
Now you should be able to access Botfront by browsing to http://localhost:3000/

If you want to monitor the logs, just run `docker-compose logs -f`.


# Miscellaneous tips

If you are running `docker-compose` a lot, you may want to create alias `dc` for docker-compose: just add `alias dc=docker-compose` in file `~/.bash_aliases` and run
```
source ~/.bash_aliases
```

In bash shell, you can search old commands from history by pressing ctrl-r and typing part of the command you want to find. Search further by pressing ctrl-r again.

Some useful shortcuts in Visual Studio Code:
* **ctrl-p**: search files in project by file name
* **ctrl-shift-f**: search files in project by contents of the files

Commit message:

feat: local env with two rasa containers (dev and prod)

development/README.md, after:

# Installing development environment (Ubuntu)

The following installation instructions are for Ubuntu. If you are running Windows on your machine, you can install Ubuntu in a virtual machine and then follow the instructions below.

## Install tools

First we install various development tools:
```
sudo apt install git curl python3.8-venv make g++
```

We use node version manager (nvm) to install nodejs v14. If you have already nodejs v14 installed, you can skip rest of this section.

Up-to-date installation instructions for nvm can be found at https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating but here is the installation command for current version of nvm:
```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.1/install.sh | bash
```

After running the above script, open a new terminal to have nvm in the path, and install latest v14 of nodejs:
```
nvm install 14
```

## Meteor

Botfront is a meteor app, so we need to install meteor too:
```
curl https://install.meteor.com/ | sh
```

See https://www.meteor.com/developers/install for more information if necessary.

## Cloning AuroraAI git repos

Create ssh key if you do not have one already:
```
ssh-keygen
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
```
In github, go to your profile menu (upper right) -> Settings -> SSH and GPG keys. Press "New SSH key" and copy paste contents of file ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub to the "Key" text box. Enter also a title for the key.

Choose a directory where you clone git repos (for example `~/aurora`) and clone the repos in that directory:
```
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/botfront-private.git
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/rasa.git
git clone git@github.com:auroraai-bot-platform/platform.git
```

## Docker

Next we install docker and add your user to the `docker` group so that you have permissions to run docker:
```
sudo apt install docker.io docker-compose
sudo usermod -a -G docker $USER
```
Reboot Ubuntu to get group modifications to take effect.

## Visual Studio Code

If you want to use Visual Studio Code for development, you can install it using snap:
```
snap install --classic code
```

## Running mongo

Example setup has been created in `platform/development`. First we start mongo in a container:
```
cd platform/development
docker-compose up -d mongo
```

## Running botfront

Let's install first modules needed by Botfront:
```
cd botfront-private/botfront
meteor npm install
```

Next we start botfront from source code. On the first run, botfront will create an admin user using environment variables ADMIN_USER and ADMIN_PASSWORD.
You can set your own password in the command below:
```
export ADMIN_USER=test@test.local
export ADMIN_PASSWORD=Password3
npm run start:docker-compose.ci
```

## Creating project in Botfront

Open Botfront in web browser: `http://localhost:3000/` and login with the admin user created in the previous step. Create a new project and copy the project ID from the project list to clipboard (will be used in the next step).

Go inside project and open Settings -> Instance. Set Host to `http://localhost:5005`

Open Endpoints settings and copy paste the following:
```
nlg:
  type: rasa_addons.core.nlg.GraphQLNaturalLanguageGenerator
  url: 'http://localhost:3000/graphql'
action_endpoint:
  url: 'http://localhost:5055/webhook'
tracker_store:
  store_type: rasa_addons.core.tracker_stores.anonymized_tracker_store.botfront_anonymized_tracker_store.BotfrontAnonymizedTrackerStore
  url: 'http://localhost:3000/graphql'
```

Open Credentials settings and copy paste the following:
```
rasa_addons.core.channels.webchat.WebchatInput:
  session_persistence: true
  base_url: 'http://localhost:5005'
  socket_path: /socket.io/
rasa_addons.core.channels.bot_regression_test.BotRegressionTestInput: {}
```

## Running rasa

Currently, our main branch for rasa is `aurora-main`:
```
cd rasa
git checkout aurora-main
```

Let's create a python virtual environment and install rasa modules and dependencies in it:
```
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install poetry
make install-full
```

Next, let's start rasa with the Botfront project ID that we copied to clipboard:
```
export BF_PROJECT_ID=project_id_from_clipboard
export BF_URL=http://localhost:3000/graphql

cd dev-bot
rasa run --enable-api
```

If you need rasa actions server, you can start it too as shown
below. The `dev-bot` directory contains code for a dummy action
`test_action`.
```
rasa run actions
```

Now you should be able to train the bot in Botfront.

# Running rasa and botfront from ECR containers

## Preparing AWS and docker tools

Let's install first AWS CLI tools:
```
sudo apt install awscli
```

In order to access AWS resources from command line, you need to create
an access key in your AWS account. Select "Security credentials" from
the upper right account menu and create an access key if you don't
have one already.

Then run locally `aws configure` and enter the access key information
there. Test that you can see the repositories:
```
aws ecr describe-repositories
```

Next we give docker access to our images in ECR, and pull the images:
```
./ecr-login.sh
docker-compose pull
```

## Starting botfront and creating project

After that you should be able to start the mongo and botfront:
```
docker-compose up -d mongo botfront
```
Now you should be able to access Botfront by browsing to http://localhost:3000/

If you want to monitor the logs, just run `docker-compose logs -f`.

Create a new project in Botfront. Copy the project id from Botfront UI. Edit
`docker-compose.yml` and paste the project id to environment section of `rasa`
and `rasa-prod` services.

## Starting two rasa containers (dev and prod)

In Botfront UI, change the following settings in the project:
* Project info -> Deployment environments: true
* Credentials -> Production: change base_url port to 5006

Start rasa containers:
```
docker-compose up -d rasa rasa-prod
```

# Miscellaneous tips

If you are running `docker-compose` a lot, you may want to create alias `dc` for docker-compose: just add `alias dc=docker-compose` in file `~/.bash_aliases` and run
```
source ~/.bash_aliases
```

In bash shell, you can search old commands from history by pressing ctrl-r and typing part of the command you want to find. Search further by pressing ctrl-r again.

Some useful shortcuts in Visual Studio Code:
* **ctrl-p**: search files in project by file name
* **ctrl-shift-f**: search files in project by contents of the files
